Apply for your visa to teach in england (#3974)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/non-uk-teachers/teach-in-england-if-you-trained-overseas.md

* to apply for English 'qualified teacher status', or be able to demonstrate strong non-UK qualifications and experience 
* a high standard of written and spoken English
* to pass criminal and professional safeguarding checks (these will be organised by your employer)

> * [a visa or immigration status allowing you to work in the UK](#apply-for-your-visa)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [a visa or immigration status allowing you to work in the UK](/non-uk-teachers/visas-for-non-uk-teachers)
```
I don't think there is much point jumping to an anchor link on this page which then just redirects the user to the separate visas page - might as well go straight to the visas page?

cc @Sarah-DfE - if you agree, please commit this!
